My second uncle is really amazing
When I grow up
You're going to be a general like an uncle
You can protect your mother from bullying
Then uncle will protect mother with you in the future
Is that okay?
Wow, the community is so beautiful.
Really? Of course.
Look at my uncle in a daze
Empress Dowager, don't worry
The slave heard that this Prince Zhennan
Her Royal Highness has been brought back to the mansion
What time is it?
I'm afraid they have already arrived at Chaotianmen
We can go to the Lama Temple without half a stick of incense.
Instead, he disappeared for so many years and lost his memory
The co-pilot still bullies him like this
I must have suffered a lot
How can your master not be in a hurry?
Empress Dowager
Her Royal Highness the Princess helps people have their own heavenly signs
But your Empress Dowager, you have been crying all day
If you cry, you won't be able to see the princess clearly
I guess you're right.
I can't cry anymore
Go and have a look.
Has the treasure from this palace arrived?